Contributor docs (#551)
nucypher/taco-web: CONTRIBUTING.md

pnpm fix
```

### Documentation

Build and publish documentation with:

```bash
pnpm typedoc
pnpm typedoc:publish
```

### Publishing

TODO: Update after implementing automated publishing.

# External Api
This is the api that we expose to developers.

> It is defined in [`packages/taco/src/taco.ts`](https://github.com/nucypher/taco-web/blob/main/packages/taco/src/taco.ts)

Author: no, this will break the link

# Design and Architecture

## Context Parameters
When defining conditions for decryption, context parameters are specified to indicate what information is required.
These parameters are placeholders that will be filled with actual data during the decryption process.

> The built in `:userAddress` parameter is defined in `packages/taco-auth/src/auth-provider.ts`.

Author: links like that don't work

> The built in `:userAddress` parameter is defined in `packages/taco-auth/src/auth-provider.ts`.

Reviewer: They [do](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/23148), please see [this example](https://github.com/nucypher/taco-web/tree/main/packages/taco#nucyphertaco-web)

      chain: TEST_CHAIN_ID,
    });

    const messageKit = await taco.encrypt(
      provider,
      domains.DEVNET,
      message,
      ownsNFTWithCustomParams,
      mockedDkg.ritualId,
      signer,
    );
    expect(getFinalizedRitualSpy).toHaveBeenCalled();

    const requestedParameters = taco.conditions.context.ConditionContext.requestedContextParameters(messageKit);
    expect(requestedParameters).toEqual(new Set([customParamKey, USER_ADDRESS_PARAM_DEFAULT]));
  });
```

## Authentication Providers
User authentication is handled by an `AuthProvider` defined in `packages/taco-auth/src`.
Using authentication providers has several benefits:
1. Abstraction:

    They abstract away the specific details of authentication, providing a unified interface for different authentication methods.

2. Flexibility:

    The system can accommodate various types of authentication providers, making it extensible and adaptable to different authentication needs.

3. User Context Management:

    They help manage user context, specifically the `:userAddress` parameter. This includes handling authentication tokens and ensuring that users are authenticated only once for multiple actions.

> Currently, [SIWE](https://docs.login.xyz/) (Sign In With Ethereum, [EIP-4361](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4361)) is the only authentication method implemented.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, [SIWE](https://docs.login.xyz/) (Sign-In With Ethereum, [EIP-4361](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4361)) is the only authentication method implemented.
```

EIP-712 has previously been supported but is now deprecated.

[The below test](https://github.com/nucypher/taco-web/blob/b689493a37bec0b168f80f43347818095c3dd5ce/packages/taco/test/conditions/context.test.ts#L382C1-L429C6) demonstrates how a SIWE message can be reused for TACo authentication.

> This ensures that users don't have to sign multiple messages when logging into apps and decrypting TACo messages.

Reviewer 2: I would put it this way, WDYT?

```suggestion
Reusing a SIWE authentication message allows the users to log in to the Dapp so that this authentication is also used for TACo decryption, i.e. users only have to sign authentication messages once.
```

 2. Minor Releases: Add new features in a backwards-compatible manner.
 3. Patch Releases: Include backwards-compatible bug fixes.

There are multiple inputs that go into deciding when to publish a release, usually driven by external factors like shipping something on the server side and wanting to test it.

Currently, versions are manually updated in the `package.json` file of each package.
This process involves determining the appropriate version number based on the changes being introduced (e.g., major, minor, patch).

When the package is published to [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nucypher/taco), tags are used to indicate the environment or network compatibility.
We use `devnet`, `testnet`, and `mainnet` help users understand which network the release is intended for.

```bash
npm dist-tag add @nucypher/taco@0.3.0 devnet
```

Ideally, this would all be automated using Github actions, workflows, releases, and tags.

# External API
This is the api that we expose to developers.
It is defined in [`packages/taco/src/taco.ts`](https://github.com/nucypher/taco-web/blob/main/packages/taco/src/taco.ts)

> # Design and Architecture

Reviewer: Is [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](https://contributing.md/how-to-build-contributing-md/) the right place to discuss the design and architecture? Should we move this to Threshold Docs or `taco` package docs?

Author: It's possibly the wrong heading - maybe Structure? it's supposed to be a section that helps new contributors get to grips with how the whole repo is laid out and organised

Reviewer: If it has to do with repo structure, we should describe how the `pnpm` workspace works, not API design
